An old fairytale holds a grain of truth, and five soon to be heroes are trying to find it. Though different in background, knowledge, and ability, these strangers soon become partners as they piece together the mystery of the land of Meidan, two treacherous brothers, and a young bride to be. However, creatures twisted by dark, unexplained magic pursue them at every turn. They must constantly battle against impending madness that they uncover each new secret. Follow their journey piece by piece as it is played out biweekly in dungeons and dragons sessions.

The story starts in the small city of Hattava. Located just on the edge of old forest, this city has been steadily shrinking for 50 years as the trees have slowly died, and animals have disappeared. Each night, a thick mist covers everything outside the city border, and anyone who sets foot into it quickly gets lost.
Kal Krath, a bloodshot half orc, and H, a shadowy halfling, or both monster hunters hired by the mayor to track down "the smiler." Few people have seen this creature, but those that have tell stories of the eyeless monster with long, sharp teeth and a roar that sounds like a baby's cry. The smiler has terrorized the forest, but the mayor can only offer a measly bounty for its head.
Begrudgingly, the two monster hunters take the job. Before they can head out into the forest, they decide to speak with the last person who witnessed the smiler — a teenage girl who got lost in the woods a few nights ago and is now recovering in the city's infirmary. However, when  Kal and H meet the nurse, they hear a more horrific story. The girl came stumbling from the missed a few days ago, hands covering her eyes and muttering something under her breath. Now, she is nearly unresponsive, and the nurse expects she will die before the next day. Worse, this is not an uncommon situation. For over a generation, the infirmary has been populated by two such victims: always a girl and a boy, who go missing from the city only to come back in the middle of the night, completely insane. They never last more than three days, and as soon as one dies, he or she is replaced the next evening. Despite the rigid curfew set by the guards, the pattern has not stopped.
After their harrowing conversation, Kal and H leave the nurse to find a stranger sitting by the bed of the girl they wish to talk to. The tall, handsome man is named Chandrian, and he is here to help heal the people suffering from whatever evil is in the woods. He is also a new arrival, and doesn't know a lot, but eagerly offers to help the half orc and halfling in their quest against the smiler.
The girl in the infirmary bed is quickly wasting away. The only information they can get from her are the whispered words "don't look behind the curtain."
The day is waning, and the three allies had back to the city's Inn and Tavern for a good nights rest before heading into danger tomorrow. In the common area, they meet to new unlikely friends: an old lady obsessed with cookies named Granny, and a nameless bard whose quest is to tell the stories of those who cannot tell their own. The group decides they will strike out in defeat of the monster together, though the two original monster hunters have claim on the gold.
The night is not peaceful. The party is woken up by commotion on the street. Someone new has stumbled out of the forest through the mists: a young girl with golden curls named Istari. The party follows the guards towards the infirmary so they can be one of the first to interview Istari about her experience. They find that the girl they had talked to just hours before passed away just hours ago. While H, Granny, and the nameless bard stay with Istari, Kal and Chandrian decide to investigate the corpse. They discovered that the dead girl's eyes have completely burned away, seemingly from the inside. They also find the smallest of pinpricks just underneath her armpit, where it could have easily gone unnoticed.
Istari is still mostly coherent despite her trip into the forest. She still presses her palms against her eyes and refuses to remove them, but can answer most questions, and seems willing to help. When it comes to the forest, Istari can't remember much. She vaguely remembers sneaking out of her parents' room, and a strange house that reminded her of the fabled witch's hut that hides deep in the forest. She went into the house, following the sound of a baby's cry. The only thing she remembers from being inside our large, empty paintings, and the words 'don't look behind the curtain.' She seems to have come to peace with her own death, but won't lift her hands from her face. To finish their investigation, the bard magically sends the girl to sleep, so that Chandrian can see her eyes. They are glowing from the inside. H uses her telepathic abilities to communicate with whatever monster that has seemingly possessed a little girl.
Before heading back to sleep, the bard senses the magic in the girl, seeing that her blood is flooded with conjuration magic, and her eyes with evocation magic. With this new information, they find themselves better prepared, yet more terrified than they were before. They had back to the tavern, determined to locate and destroy the monster the next day.